[Music]
see coz of Jesus bring backup Luigi
welcome to new homes bingo you're
rolling let's give a great show okay
what
why do they want an angry gorilla anyway
your silverback he terrified humans
[Music]
terrifying
my sister crazy sister now
I don't remember
memories never leave us they just get
out of reach for all these a gorilla who
draws what is don't tell me come tell me
it's a lonely haystack on a late summer
day it's a beetle can you tell me a
story once there was a baby elephant
that was smart and brave and she needed
to live in the wild where she could be
free
[Music]
it's the baby and I shouldn't get to be
free
[Music]
this painting is clearly a sign he wants
to be free
with a Mac is they give me my whole life
your family bring this together
[Music]
I'll just cross thro then why would you
cross the road to get to the other side